lutron_caseta: document long_press trigger for HomeWorks QSX (#45658)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/lutron_caseta.markdown

For more information on working with buttons in Home Assistant, see the [Buttons integration](/integrations/button/).

## Keypads and remotes

Device triggers are available for every button on Pico remotes, Shade remotes, and keypads (Palladiom, SeeTouch, Sunnata, HomeOwner, etc.). Automations can be triggered on the following actions:

| Action | Description | Supported hardware |
|---|---|---|
| `press` | Button pressed | All |
| `release` | Button released | All |
| `multi_tap` | Button tapped multiple times in quick succession | All |

> | `long_press` | Button held for an extended duration | HomeWorks QSX processors only |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `press`: Button pressed. Supported on all hardware.
- `release`: Button released. Supported on all hardware.
- `multi_tap`: Button tapped multiple times in quick succession. Supported on all hardware.
- `long_press`: Button held for an extended duration. Supported on HomeWorks QSX processors only.
```
We [prefer lists over tables](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/documenting/general-style-guide#tables), see [example](https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/blob/current/source/_integrations/_integration_docs_template.markdown?plain=1#L105).

```

{% endraw %}

{% note %}

> The `long_press` action relies on a native `LongHold` event sent by the Lutron LEAP protocol. It is currently only confirmed to work on **HomeWorks QSX** processors (e.g., HQP7). Caseta and RadioRA 3 bridges do not emit this event, so the `long_press` trigger will not appear in the automation editor for those systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `long_press` action relies on a native `LongHold` event sent by the Lutron LEAP protocol. It is currently only confirmed to work on **HomeWorks QSX** processors (for example, HQP7). Caséta and RadioRA 3 bridges do not emit this event, so the `long_press` trigger will not appear in the automation editor for those systems.
```
we prefer "for example", or "such as" over e.g., see also https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/e/eg
